No one cared about us at that time
They even told us we deserved it.
Because we are the children of criminals.
I thought a lot that day on this very edge.
And then finally I figured it out
Damn it's not us
It's the bad guys.
We are human too
Hands, feet, brains.
Why can't we unite?
Fight back against these forces?
So you start organizations.
The Teacher's Heart Association was established
We no longer hold Barbie dolls
but
Picked up a baseball bat
The effect is obvious
No one dares to bully girls casually now
It's just that there are more organizations in the SM park
There will be internal disputes
When I first came to this park
I have vowed to unify this park
Be the boss of this park
Between the various organizations of SM
It's just an internal problem
Are you all girls?
It won't be too hard
In fact, the biggest problem
Someone secretly attacked the girls in SM
Girls have been missing
I have been investigating this matter for a long time.
But there was no response.
Yeah, I heard about that.
SM's park girls are still prostituting outside
But they were coerced.
I must find the mastermind behind this
But
This is with you and me joining forces to deal with Song Qiuci
What does it matter?
Don't play dumb.
You send Yan Fang and Han Lili to the inspection team
You also doubt Song Qiuci's
I just think he's gone too far
Not like a charity
Yeah, combined with what he's done before
He's not a philanthropist either.
I rely on you to be kidnapped too. What?